Feat/urr (#69)
omec-project/pfcpsim: README.md

```

### Fuzzing Mode

Pfcpsim is able to generate the malformed PFCP message, it can be used to explore the the potential vulnerabilities of the PFCP agents (UPF).

> Note:
> PFCP fuzzer is developed by the [Ian Chen (free5GC team)](https://github.com/ianchen0119)
> PFCP fuzzer has been used to test the UPF implementation of the free5GC project, and successfully found some vulnerabilities.

To use the PFCP fuzzer, we need to prepare the fuzzing environment first. The following steps show how to use the PFCP fuzzer.

#### 1. Launch the UPF instance

Pfcpsim support to test various UPF implementations.
You can choose the UPF implementation you want to test, and launch the UPF instance.

#### 2. Change the configuration in `fuzz/ie_fuzz_test.go`

You should change the configuration in `fuzz/ie_fuzz_test.go`:
```go=
sim := export.NewPfcpSimCfg(iface, upfN3, upfN4)
```
- `iface`: the interface name you used to establish the connection with UPF.
- `upfN3`: the N3 interface address of the UPF.
- `upfN4`: the N4 interface address of the UPF.

#### 3. Run the fuzzing test

You can run the fuzzing test by the following command:
```

> go test -fuzz=Fuzz -p 1 -parallel 1 -fuzztime 15m ./fuzz/...

Reviewer: I would add the description when the interesting happend.

To use the PFCP fuzzer, we need to prepare the fuzzing environment first. The following steps show how to use the PFCP fuzzer.

#### 1. Launch the UPF instance

Pfcpsim supports to test various UPF implementations.
You can choose the UPF implementation you want to test, and launch the UPF instance.

#### 2. Change the configuration in `fuzz/ie_fuzz_test.go`

You should change the configuration in `fuzz/ie_fuzz_test.go`:
```go=
sim := export.NewPfcpSimCfg(iface, upfN3, upfN4)
```
- `iface`: the interface name you used to establish the connection with UPF.
- `upfN3`: the N3 interface address of the UPF.
- `upfN4`: the N4 interface address of the UPF.

#### 3. Run the fuzzing test

You can run the fuzzing test by the following command:
```
go test -fuzz=Fuzz -p 1 -parallel 1 -fuzztime 15m ./fuzz/... 
```
To specify args:
```
go test -fuzz=Fuzz -p 1 -parallel 1 -fuzztime 15m ./fuzz/... -args -iface=lo -upfN3=192.168.0.5 -upfN4=127.0.0.8
```
- `-fuzztime`: the time you want to run the fuzzing test.
- Do not change the value of either `-parallel` or `-p` flag because it will cause the race condition.

> - The example output for fuzzing test:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The output for the fuzzing test looks like this:
```

```
fuzz: elapsed: 0s, gathering baseline coverage: 0/100 completed
fuzz: elapsed: 3s, gathering baseline coverage: 0/100 completed
...
fuzz: elapsed: 13m21s, gathering baseline coverage: 99/100 completed
fuzz: elapsed: 13m21s, gathering baseline coverage: 100/100 completed, now fuzzing with 1 workers
fuzz: elapsed: 13m24s, execs: 100 (0/sec), new interesting: 0 (total: 100)
...
fuzz: elapsed: 15m1s, execs: 111 (0/sec), new interesting: 0 (total: 100)
PASS
ok  	github.com/omec-project/pfcpsim/fuzz	900.684s
```

> - If the test result shows "PASS" and the UPF didn't crash, it means you have passed the fuzzy test!
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the test result shows "PASS" and the UPF didn't crash, it means that the fuzzy test was successful!
- ```

> - ```

Reviewer 2: I think this line needs to be removed
![image](https://github.com/omec-project/pfcpsim/assets/87488727/11f62922-0755-478a-a569-6517c00b205d)

Reviewer: Sorry, this was added by mistake. The #73 would remove this line.

Reviewer 2: Merged. Thanks for addressing this.

> - If Pfcpsim can't connect to UPF:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If Pfcpsim can't connect to the UPF, the user will see an output like this:
```
